>> Spencer Schneidenbach: A brief
overview of everything we've done.
We have run through the gauntlet, we have
made an application that I am frankly
very proud of because it is
something that I would write.
It is covered by tests, it is well
organized, it is well documented,
it's all the things that I
personally love in an API.
We removed the in-memory repository,
that stupid list, and
we replaced it with a real,
actual database, SQLite.
We seeded that database, we extended the
get all employees endpoint to add a way
to filter and paginate data,
which is very important.
We changed the way we modeled and
handled benefits, and
we did a lot of database
stuff under the hood.
We took in what I would consider to be,
in this course,
the most significant refactor.
So, it's pretty crazy.
We made a decision early on
to use request objects and
I thought this was a good
opportunity to kind of revisit that.
When you get into something like EF Core
where you have a series of entities
where they all are related in some way and
those relationships go down very deep.
You will find that request objects really,
really do start to pay off,
because the moment you try to
return stop returning entities and
start returning request objects is when
you stop getting into certain issues.
I had a client that had
a very complex data set, and
they did return entities right away.
And they found that suddenly some
of their APIs were failing because
JSON was finding circular dependencies,
or circular properties.
Properties that refer back to one another
between two objects or the data model was
returning megabytes of data when really it
only needed to return not even a kilobyte.
So the impact of this
cannot be understated.
We did this early on, it may seem
like a small thing that we did, but
it actually down the road
as our application grows.
It does have huge implications, and
it does respect the single
responsibility principle.
Unittaskers in the kitchen, maybe not,
unitaskers in real in programming,
definitely.
So that the remainder of the course,
cuz we are at the end,
I'm gonna show you just a couple of
other things that I think are useful for
you to know,
things that common patterns that I see.
I'm gonna talk a little
bit about security,
because I do think it's worth mentioning.
I'm gonna demonstrate a little bit
of security inside of a sample
project that you can take and
write run from the code.
And we're gonna talk about
using actual real databases,
not just SQLite, because there
are problems with using SQLite, but for
the purposes of this application,
it works pretty well.
However, the thing that I'm gonna give you
will allow you to use a real database,
a real Postgres database, or
SQL Server database if you want, and
very easy to learn.